then it was when the wall was built and
I had hung the doors when the
gatekeepers the singers and the Levites
had been appointed that I gave the
charge of Jerusalem to my brother Hanina
and Hananiah the leader of the Citadel
for he was a faithful man and feared God
more than many and I said to them do not
let the gates of Jerusalem be opened
until the Sun is hawk and while they
stand guard let them shut and bar the
doors and appoint guards from among the
inhabitants of Jerusalem one at his
watch station and another in front of
his own house now the city was large and
spacious but the people in it were few
and the houses were not rebuilt then my
god put it into my heart to gather the
nobles the rulers and the people that
they might be registered by genealogy
and I found a register of the genealogy
of those who had come up in the first
return and found written in it these are
the people of the province who came back
from the captivity of those who had been
carried away who never kanessa the king
of Babylon had carried away and who
returned to Jerusalem and Judah every
one to his City those who came with
zerubabbel where Joshua Nehemiah Azariah
Rama nay Jimena Mordecai Vil Shang miss
Pyrrha big VI me home and baiana the
number of the men of the people of
Israel the sons of Parrish 2,170 to the
sons of japheth ayah 372 the sons of
Aaron 652 the sons of Japheth Moab of
the sons of Jesse oh and Joab 2818 the
sons of Elam 1254 the sons of sattu 845
the sons of Zakai 760 the sons of inui
eight the sons of B by 628 the sons of
asgard 2322 the sons of odin acum 667
the sons of big VI 2067 the sons of aden
655 the sons of ATAR of hezekiah
98 the sons of Heysham 328 the sons of
bzi 324 the sons of Harith 112 the sons
of Gibeon 95 the men of Bethlehem and of
Natoma 188 the men of anitha 128 the men
of Beth as Mavis 42 the men of
kiriath-jearim kathira and the Erath 743
the men of Rhema and kiba 621 the men of
mikvahs 122 the men of Bethel and AI 123
the men of the other Nebo 52 the sons of
the other Elam 1254
the sons of hey room 320 the sons of
Jericho 345 the sons of lawd haded and
Ono 721 the sons of sanaya 3930 the
priests the sons of Jedediah of the
house of Joshua 973 the sons of amor
1052 the sons of pasher 1247 the sons of
hey room 1017 the Levites the sons of
gesture of kadmiel and of the sons of OD
ver 74 the singers the sons of ASA 148
the gatekeepers the sons of shallow the
sons of Aitor
the sons of Talman the sons of jacob the
sons of her taita the sons of Chauvet
are 138 the Nephilim the sons of Ziya
the sons of a supe the sons of Tabitha
the sons of Kyra's the sons of Mosiah
the sons of Paden the sons of Lavina the
sons of hagatha the sons of Salma the
sons of Haman the sons of kiddo the sons
of gay har the sons of rihana the sons
of reason the sons of Nakota the sons of
gasm the sons of oz'
the sons of pasilla the sons of B sigh
the sons of me unum
the sons of no fishes own the sons of
babe
the sons of her Kufa the sons of har-har
the sons of Baz Leith the sons of mijita
the sons of Harsha the sons of bar cause
the sons of Sisera the sons of Tama the
sons of Mosiah and the sons of uh tyfa
the sons of Salomon servants the sons of
so ty the sons of suffereth the sons of
Parata the sons of Jayla the sons of
dark on the sons of gittel the sons of
japheth aya the sons of Hetal the sons
of pakka ruth of zu bayum and the sons
of emam all the Nephilim and the sons of
Solomon's servants were 392 and these
were the ones who came up from tell me
l'm tell harsha cherub Adhan and immer
but they could not identify their
father's house nor their lineage whether
they were of Israel the sons of delay
are the sons of Tobiah the sons of
Nakota
642 and of the priests the sons of Hebei
oh the sons of caused the sons of tar
Xilai who took a wife of the daughters
of barzillai the gileadite
and was called by their name these
sought their listing among those who
were registered by genealogy
but it was not found therefore they were
excluded from the priesthood as defined
and the governor said to them that they
should not eat of the most holy things
till a priest could consult with the
Urim and Thummim altogether the whole
assembly was forty two thousand three
hundred and sixty besides their male and
female servants of whom there were seven
thousand three hundred and thirty-seven
and they had two hundred and forty-five
men and women singers their horses were
seven hundred 236 their mules 245 their
camels 435 and donkeys six thousand
seven hundred and twenty and some of the
heads of the fathers houses gave to the
work the governor gave to the Treasury
1000 gold drachmas fifty basins and five
hundred and thirty priestly garments
some of the heads of the fathers houses
gave to the Treasury of the work twenty
thousand gold drachma and two thousand
two hundred silver minutes and that
which the rest of the people gave was
20,000 gold drachmas two thousand silver
Minna's and sixty seven priestly
garments so the priests the Levites the
gatekeepers the singers some of the
people the Nephilim and all Israel dwelt
in their cities when the seventh month
came the children of Israel were in
their cities
you